Hi, hi.
Welcome to this lesson.
Lesson number one for module one.
Module two, sorry.
Remember that we are going to look some
phrases and this is going to be really
important for you.
Vamos a mirar algunas frases muy
importantes para ti.
So remember to repeat and also remember
to practice all the phrases.
Practice all the phrases.
So the first phrase, and you, and you,
first phrase, and you, we use and you to
ask the other person how are they doing,
you know, to put the question into the
other person.
So for example, I say, how are you?
And you answer, I'm great.
And you?
And you lo utilizamos para preguntarle a
la otra persona, para darle la pregunta,
pasársela al que nos preguntó por primera
vez o de primero.
So, and you, repeat, and you.
Very good.
Ese, recuerden, remember, it's not you, okay?
It's you, you, okay?
You, and you.
Very good, pretty good.
Excellent, excellent, nice.
Let's go to the next one.
And it is not bad, thanks.
Not bad, thanks.
It means that everything is normal.
That is good.
Not bad, thanks is similar, similar a,
I'm fine, I'm great, okay?
So, not bad, thanks.
You?
Excellent, pretty good.
Not bad, thanks.
Everything is okay.
Not bad, not bad.
What about you?
What about you is asking the other
person, how are they doing, okay?
Eso les está preguntando el what about
you y le pregunta a la otra persona cómo están.
So, what about you, what about you, okay?
What about you?
Excellent, pretty good.
Again, what about you?
Nice, nice, pretty nice.
Let's go to the next one.
And remember, you need to practice, okay?
So, repeat the video, repeat the video
and watch it again if you need to.
Bye -bye.